As part of what consumers bamboo flooring maintenance know much, so there is a problem in the course of which complaints have also occurred. In this case, both the need to improve service flooring manufacturers, and consumers need to understand the use of knowledge in order to safeguard the interests of both production and marketing. Bamboo flooring in daily use should pay attention to the following points:
(A) maintain good indoor ventilation and dry environment
Regularly maintain good indoor ventilation, either make the floor as much as possible in the volatile chemical substances, discharged to the outside, but also allows moist air exchange <a href="http://syntheticboard.com/synthetic-board/2081.html">cheap engineered flooring</a>. Especially in the prolonged absence of human habitation, the maintenance, the interior of ventilation is more important. Common practice: often open the windows or doors, air convection, or the use of air conditioning systems and ventilation systems, thus creating a cool, dry and clean environment.
(B) to avoid sun exposure and rain water
Some houses sunshine or rain to enter the local area directly from the windows of the room, which would harm the bamboo flooring. The sun will accelerate the aging of paint and glue, can also cause shrinkage and cracking of the floor. After rain water, bamboo absorbs moisture expansion deformation caused serious will make the floor moldy. Therefore, pay special attention in daily use.
(Iii) to avoid damaging the floor surface
Bamboo flooring finish both floors of decorative layer is the protective layer of the floor, therefore, should avoid collision with hard objects, the scratch weapon, metal friction, etc., chemicals can not be stored indoors. In addition, indoor furniture in handling, moving with care, furniture legs should put rubber pad hides. Public places, should blanket carpet in the main channel.
(Iv) proper cleaning care
In everyday use, the floor should be cleaned regularly to keep clean the ground. When cleaning, first with a clean broom to sweep dust and debris, and then use the cloth wrung water artificial wipe, such as when the area is too large, you can wash cloth mop, then hung up to drip dry water droplets, to net dragging the ground. Cut can not use water, do not use wet cloth or mop to clean up. Usually if there is an aqueous substance spilled on the ground, it should immediately wipe with a dry cloth. If conditions permit, you can also play one time lag in order to strengthen the floor floor wax protection. If the paint surface is damaged, you can make your own with ordinary varnish or ask the manufacturer for repair.
Article Source:
<a href="http://externalfloor.co.uk/soild-board/1338.html"> types of raw material for wood composite industry</a>
