In Zjiren explained, "traditional tiling process is the use of mud to penetrate into the pores of the back of the tile, forming tack dry hard, so as to achieve paving results. And now due to the very low water absorption porcelain tiles, behind the capillary hole is very small, if it is using the original paving process, will inevitably result in the case of loss of adhesion is not enough form. " In this regard, Deputy General Manager of Guangzhou JCDecaux Building Materials Co.[url=http://outdoordeckmanufacturer.com/eco/4974.html]2x6x12 lumber pricing[/url] Zhang Yong Dong said, in recent years, more and faster development of China's ceramic tile industry, companies pay more attention to enhance the quality and style tiles, while the latter part of the tiling was not taken seriously enough , resulting in a number that could have been reduced or avoided problems.

 Zhang Yong Dong said, in fact, European and American countries, the use of hard paving tile adhesives technology from the 1970s has been to use, even in developing countries such as Brazil, share with paving tile adhesive can be accounted for 85% the above. It is understood that in recent years, popular tile adhesives with high efficiency, high adhesive strength, wide range of features. China Ceramic Industry Association Tianxiong said tile adhesives has energy saving, simple construction, strong bonding and other advantages, enough to replace the cement mortar. Why it is difficult to promote? President of the China Ceramic Industry Association, tile adhesives and Technical Committee Zhaozhen Lin believes that "on the one hand this means that the need to improve product quality, especially in terms of promotion of tile adhesives, there are a lot of work to do; 
 
 it also indicates that this career prospects, as long as the relevant new technology standards promulgated tiling, tile adhesives and future competition in the industry will become the new blue ocean. " Measures: New technology promotion plan has been submitted for approval How to solve the tiling for the promotion and use of new technology, the industry believes, tile manufacturers and tile adhesives production enterprises will be an effective solution. [url=http://outdoordeckmanufacturer.com/eco/4956.html]add height to vinyl fence[/url] Shanghai CIMIC Holdings Limited Vice Chairman Chen Kejian said exterior wall in 2000 by the CIMIC invention hang sticky technology to subvert the traditional exterior paving process, eliminating the need for many paving cost, while paving effects than traditional paving Many technology firm, siding stick technique popular in the industry is now fully open. But in the paving tiles, promotion of new technology has increased the burden. 
